hey we're back with daily number four
behind me is the EU LCS stage seating
area or whatever you guys have seen that
a ton on broadcast but what you haven't
seen is this area in this big room right
in front of it now I've done a tour
before of the NA LCS studio you guys
might know that there's like a merch
store and kind of like this hallway
whatever it's a little different here
let's take a look now unlike the NALC
yesterday where you have kind of like a
separate store area we've got our merch
booth right here everything's on display
I just kind of a cool little area for
people to come in and purchase some swag
yeah na LCS we have a giant Thresh
that's shoot but here they've outdone us
with this huge Baron which is pretty
much the first thing that you see
whenever you walk into the room now I
have to say that the snack bar in na LCS
pales in comparison to the EU LCS one my
favorite thing about it is that they
actually have beer so you can really
really enjoy some of the most boring
games that are on stage here anyway we
are actually gonna watch the rest of the
games for today and then we've got a
kind of a cool thing that's happening at
later tonight so we'll see them
[Music]
all right so we are getting ready to do
a podcast show this is the g2 eSports
podcast does it have a official name
it's the most is it it's pretty lame but
we were thinking about a broader picture
you know we're thinking about the people
that know don't nobody is personal I
don't know what is force they may want
to hate the sport with us a lot podcast
not gonna lie the name is shit has to
change the shitty name just a second and
if by the time you guys watch this it'll
be done but it'll be on the g2 eSports
YouTube soon ish at some point in the
future it has to be like matter of one
day 24 hours force up for SoundCloud
iTunes and YouTube 24 hours so we have
people working overtime here and and we
do yes in case some stuff at the same
time Berlin doesn't do jack shit he just
he just holds this I kid you
he's one talents this guy's got he's
ripped
he plays hearthstone and and I do fear
that I may lose my spot that's one of
the hands of man of the team yeah
fucking green eyes like all the woman
are dying for those biceps so I just I
just put myself into the game for a year
but my eyes are still not green but
anyway the show's gonna start in a
second would you start the podcast she
buried in several episodes so it's on me
this is the people are right
Yeah right so I'm pretty good at this so
go easy on me baby and take followed by
I don't prepare Oh like I'm the boss of
this shit is so do you think I prepared
no you're just kind of fuckin dead man
well you are you're a far more
charismatic - yeah that's not true we
have our differences then we're gonna do
the white shot sir and we will be both
film cameras and then when you're gonna
you guys know that when I feel that you
have like a longer conversation in your
side and I'm gonna go in the close shot
which will be Kyoko's sure and hear that
you have more about more of a dialogue
I'll be going for the white shirt yeah
I'm just gonna keep an eye on him
because then I'm not looking into the
spacer at the wrong
hey everybody this is Carlo Sullivan and
welcome to the d2 podcast today we have
what I consider to be yet another legend
this guy I know him for a really long
time you guys know him also probably for
a long time especially for League of
Legends his name is Travis G I learned
today that he just likes to be called
Travis Lee actually that's not true I'm
not making this up but Travis Travis G
with us mama
[Music]